Hi guys i am pleased to announce that 
i worked on an amazing project for the just 
concluded unilorin tech summit.  
The Unilorin tech summit was an event that brings amazing thought leaders together to speak with students. i worked on the event website from scratch. from implementation of the design to deployment of the code. in the course of this i was also leading the partnership and sponsorhip team for the event. merging this two task together was initially tasking and demanding but as times goes on i found it interesting and enjoyable. in the course of this project i learnt some major technologies which is already a gain to me.
HOW TO USE AXIOS IN FRONTEND PROJECT. in the course of this project i learnt more about the usage of axios and rest Api. 
 Another wonderful tool that i learnt is react animations and scrolls. i dicsover that the over all experience of a website is very crucial and as a software developer of frontend engineer as the case maybe one must be ready to view the website with the same eyes the final users will view it. this actually helps me to learn user experience in the course of developing desktop apps. overall the website is live and i received a handy of comments on the website. here is a look intto of how the website looks like.  I wil love to have your comment in the comment section below. a big shout out to the whole team - unilorin tech summit shout out to our amazing speakers iyinoluwa aboyeji , joshua chibueze, tomiwa aladekomo. ,  nora awolowo, ozenua, jd.
